steelmate alarm review
ps 881 alarm kit
keychain feedback main unit
alarms
two fuses connector for
backup battery connection
crown connector for siren
fists and wiring harness to connect
alarm motorcycles scooters retaliatory
wiring harness bell alarm
Chrome battery for 2 small batteries
to connect the alarm is enough
connect two wires red
12 volts plus and black -20 ground also
alarm is present light
indicator connect our alarm 12
volt red + black minus unscrew
the bell on the key fob is present
Motorcycle Nutrition Information
disarm shows 12 volts and
forty eight hundredths
that is, it shows internal
food us where I am arming
indicator light says that
the alarm is armed
alarm is also present
autostart